.\" Created from Texinfo source by yat2m 1.1
.TH GPGRT-CONFIG 1 1970-01-01 "Libgpg-error 1.51-unknown" "GnuPG"
.SH NAME
.B gpgrt-config
\- Helper script to get information about the installed version of gpg libraries
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B  gpgrt-config
.RI [ options ]
.I [ module ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBgpgrt\-config\fP is a script tool that is used by the autoconf macros
shipped with gnupg software (e.g., AM_PATH_GPG_ERROR and AM_PATH_GPGME) to
determine the compiler and linker flags that should be used to compile
and link programs that use the specific library (e.g., libgpg-error or
libgpgme). \fBgpgrt\-config\fP uses pkg-config .pc files as data source.

Apart from options \fBgpgrt\-config\fP accepts a single argument
\fBmodule\fP specifying the basename (without the ".pc"-suffix) of the
pkg-config file to be used as input. \fBmodule\fP will default to
\fBgpg\-error\fP if it is not specified.

.SH OPTIONS

\fBgpgrt\-config\fP accepts the following options:

.TP
.B  \-\-libdir=\fILIBDIR\fP
Parent directory path of pkgconfig file search path.
e.g., \(oqgpgrt\-config \-\-libdir=/usr/lib \-\-exists gpgme\(cq
will parse \(oq\fI/usr/lib/pkgconfig/gpgme.pc\fP\(cq.

.TP
.B   \-\-exists
Test whether the pkg-config file \(oq\fImodule.pc\fP\(cq exist and exits with
success or error accordingly.

.TP
.B  \-\-modversion
Print the currently installed version of \fBmodule\fP on the standard output.

.TP
.B  \-\-libs
Print the linker flags that are necessary to link a program using the
\fBmodule\fP.

.TP
.B  \-\-cflags
Print the compiler flags that are necessary to compile a program using the
\fBmodule\fP.

.TP
.B  \-\-static
Modifies output if linking statically instead of dynamically.

.TP
.B  \-\-variable=\fIVARNAME\fP
Output variable VARNAME from the module's pkg-config file.

.P

.SH BUGS

\fBgpgrt\-config\fP is tried to be compatible to pkg-config, and to
support cross build well, but it is not intended to be a replacement.

